As we explained in the program,
at the time you have added a
large part of the supply and
demand in a specific sector
at the local level, in this
case local is national, the
entry barrier is huge.
Because a competitor that starts from
zero has very difficult to capture
so many users, if we put ourselves
in the case of the Red Level it would
be very difficult to capture users,
because I would like you to
tell us how you started, because
at first it seems very difficult
to capture users when you don’t
have restaurants and it seems
very difficult to go to restaurants
with a proposal when you
still don’t have users.
I don’t know how you solved this that
is sometimes called the challenge of
the egg and the chicken.
and correct.
Indeed, that’s a classic
discussion that calls, in our
case, what we did was something
we did intuitively and then
the truth that from Samaipata
we have written quite a bit
about it, which is what we call
a node saturation expansion,
which comes to be identifying
which relevant nodes will
generate those network effects
and focus on gaining density
in specific segments
of your supply and your demand.
Many times it is geographical,
in our case it was, for example,
the student neighborhood in Madrid,
where the Moncloa was, that area
that was the best postal code in
Spain and probably one of the
best in Europe.
We’re referring to gaining critical
mass in very small niches,
because it’s easier than
nationally.
Of course, nationally it is very
complicated, but you can gain critical
mass in the Moncloa neighborhood
because you add x restaurants,
5 or 6 restaurants and the
students who live around.
and correct.
In this way, what you can is those
network economies, that each restaurant
that joins adds more value to
users, more users add value to restaurants
in a very concentrated way, and in
addition, it could come to generate
some virality through mouth to
mouth, that is, a user uses
it along with a friend who is that
day in his home, he tells the
other, then he goes to the other
house, ask from the other house,
they also generate some
virality.
That makes it much more efficient
from the point of view of how to lift
the flight in that marketplace,
than if you try to do the same
exercise at the national level
of the blow would be much more complicated.
So we did that very early,
we launched it at Primo Madrid,
then Barcelona, and then it
went up and up.
This is from the point of view of more...